I've is New England welcome from
Portland Maine this is going to junior
Jim Ross here dear the key ball I've
never seen a crab so fired up Junior
they can't wait to get started and
neither can I that makes two of us king
I don't think Portland about what
this man is there's no room for error
when you're on the top rope
after some of the things we've seen in
this rig jr. I think
the folks at home not to try to stuff
themselves that's for damn sure Kings
the WWE superstars are trained
professionals and even they don't walk
away from every match in the best shape
they sure know that we've seen more than
one superstar take it was he think he's
doing he's just showing up for the crowd
now he's wrestling the man here's what
and I think it's gonna pay off mark my
words
yeah you talking about ruthless
aggression oh boy this looks like an
all-or-nothing move
the referee is down and now there's no
one to maintain water in this thing
where they find these referees jr. they
seem to be awfully fragile
I tell you again sometime I be any sauce
doesn't
superstar hello will you mean junior I
don't think most people appreciate when
incredible athletes these WWE superstars
really are you gotta have some excellent
condition
OPM will do what they do well that's the
name of the game jr.
he are moving part oh that's a lovely
image game but as to where you come up
with this stuff
right
he countered that and later
boy this John Cena is his own good stay
how great they are I don't think there's
anything wrong with that cane Cena's got
some impressive accomplishments to the
strength I think he's got every right
say junior
Randy Orton is it look at the fans jr.
they know what's coming next they sure
do you this capacity crowd is taking
their opinions known tonight
you'll believe we actually get paid to
do this job Junior it's like a green gun
kruky except I will sit here listen you
Junior kiddo I'm helpless when he comes
the pies oh I know King and that's why
I'm bringing the picture
any super structure of the slightest
tuna with this thing wilson act
that's for sure
onan know the extent of your angel and
that's easier said than done junior
human body can only absorb so much fun
excellent County what ring presence yeah
you talk about the future of WWE and
you're looking at it in jhansi oh come
on jr. John Cena oh you know it I know
it makes me sick it was allowed to be
intended to be a superstar I don't know
how you can say that game Cena has
dedicated himself in entertaining these
fans and quite frankly I find him to
have full character that many so-called
respectable superstar there's a
difference between entertaining the fans
and setting a bad example jr. I don't
have any earthly idea what you're
talking about I think seems it's a crap
that's the painted crown is Solomon
behind their superstar look at this
parent balance phones here
this is raw action at its finest that's
not raw of the number one brand of
sports entertainment you get that right
jr. you're not going to see this kind of
action on Smackdown I don't slam down or
anywhere else there's nothing else out
there that can go close to the
excitement of seeing the raw superstars
perform live
there aren't many superstars as
diversity talented as John Cena
as he is on the microphone I don't argue
with you about Cena's mic skills in
short catch
when it comes right down to it
you're crazy did you happen to notice
how many times seamless warm gold around
his place you know seems the daylight
he's got good fun putting his money
where his mouth
a super-sharp of reading that pick out
of each other in this crowd can't get
out of it it's what they paid the same
came and they're getting their money's
worth tonight hey sure our junior
there's no question these superstars are
earning their paychecks Wow listen
police he's got his opponent in position
I think he's 14
are you seeing what I'm seeing King
turnabout is fair play
and there's a common part
man is there
you
Oh